feat(next): TODOs (#11987)
withastro/astro: .changeset/blue-sloths-stare.md

---
'astro': patch
---

> App class now accepts renderOptions

Reviewer: Just checking, does this need updating in the docs here: https://docs.astro.build/en/reference/adapter-reference/#apprenderrequest-request-options-renderoptions

> App class now accepts renderOptions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adds a new `renderOptions` object  for `App/class`
```
Not sure about the syntax for App class, but it likely needs something!

Reviewer 2: App is a class, this is for the `render` method. I'll update to something.

> App class now accepts renderOptions

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`render()` signature now takes `renderOptions` as 2nd argument
```

> The signature for `app.render()` has changed, and the second argument is now an options object called `renderOptions`. This allows you greater customization of rendering than with the old signature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The signature for `app.render()` has changed, and the second argument is now an options object called `renderOptions` with more options for customizing rendering.
```

> The renderOptions are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `renderOptions` are:
```
